last week I did a you laugh you loose
cut that Bluebird and I challenged Green
PewDiePie and fan Oh sweetie pie but no
one accepted my challenge a bunch of
cowards so here I am and here you are
smash like to accept the challenge
scuffle or ado let's freakin do this
guy's
hey another famous me by the way if I
life I get three lives add the light
that's right I'm fine I'm fine okay
where's that from oh yeah it's this guy
[Music]
the legend my highest known Oh Mike let
me try let me try that was not bad I
love how he's so serious about is he
serious he has to be trolling right this
is a troll I feel like it's not a true a
classic mean a classic meme let's keep
going and remember the rules guys no
laughing okay otherwise okay alright
number two
you need more men there are none
that wasn't amazing at it could this
possibly be a new meme edit that hasn't
been defined by the duck and grand gay a
new template and doesn't involve stupid
Marvel movies that would be great thank
you very much so far I have one more
life guys this is not some kind of game
ah Batman like when we get to the
Batcave could I get a little snack
yes shaggy we all have a snack
I think I need to rewatch someone a
Batman like when we get to the Batcave
could I get a little snack
yes shaggy we all have a snack no no I
will not no I will not I am NOT grinning
okay
be quiet this is not me laughing or
grinning I am choosing to smile because
I think I'll make it myself black
revived one point that's why I got to
life what do you want it's my game my
rules be quiet
you can't even talk scattered in Florida
it's been sponsored by it anyway any
drinking company wanna sponsor me please
this could be you sorry hey guys look
it's spider-man showing on the road it
was going on spider-man Oh No yeah yeah
it's not a car no Pole oh no it's that
Saddles car Oh No spider-man he's
wearing head blows spider-man throws a
swimming oh my god he has headphones I
can hear us
oh my gosh Bart Ehrman move you're gonna
die oh my god oh wow Tanner's car
[Music]
there's cars in ok this is really cool I
think you know the video I did
criticizing Marvel movies so everyone
lost their marbles for I'm gonna go
ahead and say I was wrong
well I'm not hiding in there that's
right brilliant plan we're changing
vehicles trouble with company cars is
they have trackers
did he just say car
that is not count the histogram gee I
wonder what the mean is going to be oh
wow that is guard badass car it's Anna's
car still kicking it kitchen that's
right but you see your thinners cart you
get in there's no choice why is
standards car still going hey hey
rated T for teen damn I was wrong Marvel
is not for teenagers they're for
hardcore badasses
Gwen dies hey look it's me good mean
progeny you've got XE applause were
amazing at it but the thing is I did the
reaction thing so if people would make
gifts I'm at it so we can ironically
share gifts with each other but instead
of everyone treating like a green screen
competition and you did it wrong okay
you just did it wrong don't stop nagging
don't nag no one likes a nigger excuse
me what is this soft bark people that
annoy you did that sound that sounded
you know second time all right
I only said it once I'm gonna put on my
glass of see-through BS and say that he
planted that don't stop nagging don't
nag no one uses the word Nick unless you
want to be racist how is he still alive
to stream on this platform is beyond me
oh my god yes to catch it to catch the
six nine I'm sorry I thought your
Takashi Takashi Takashi six nine sorry I
thought you were Takashi I really then
look like the cashew to be fair this is
the new damn Daniel kind of want to get
that hair now just for the memes law you
can see him laugh in VR as well this
reminds me let me show you one of my
favorite clips of all time this doesn't
count because I've seen it and it's it's
so good I'm price Chloe price because it
summarizes these game
so bang Jesus put that thing down
chillax sister it's not even loaded
she works I thought you believed in gun
control yes I believe I should control
the gun it's the men who need to be
checked good gun wait
there's a clip of me okay I can walk
wherever I want
hey hey I can make funny clips too
I was genuinely terrified she pulled a
fast one on me hey more beer chat I'll
take it
he gave me a stroke I'm gonna pop my
helmet real quick yes sure I got you oh
thank you my brother
I think it's time to revisit Bjorn shit
cuz they're still going with the uganda
knuckles I'm a give me a stroke I'm
gonna pop my helmet real quick yes sure
I got you oh thank you my brother
Thanks great mean okay so I asked Brad
to send me some extra clips so let's see
let's see
Brad can do this for us
I hate how that didn't make me laugh
this is I knew it you could I think that
to me like I should have cut something
else you know okay now let's get a good
look at you let's enhance
pull it run that back all right there
preset vector in on that guy by the back
wheel right here in this spot with the
right equipment the image could be
enlarged and sharpened no enhance
section a six against the detail and I
think there's enough to enhance release
it to my screen my task the reflection
in your I have to run this through video
hey I've been working on this reflection
someone's reflection reflection there's
a reflection of the man's face the
reflection collection zooming mirror you
can see a reflection oh really
can you enhance the image from here can
you enhance it can you enhance it can we
enhance this writing is people complain
about my video wait stop it's done pause
it rotator 75 degrees around the
vertical place Oh
as you can do go back to the forgotten
image enhancer that can bitmap and we
are decent enough to see into the
windows this is a property they got to
make up some mumbo jumbo yeah yeah I
confess all right
he's telling illumination hunger others
to the next level the illumination
algorithms oh my god you can enhance it
and freeze and enhance bingo we got it
come on you could have added a meme bang
alright let's look at the result
Hey look I won you laughs you lose
everybody let me know how you guys did
with a smash like if you lost and leave
us much like if you won and I will see
you guys in another video I'm
articulating with my hands so you feel
more enticed in the video
[Music]